If my calculations are correct when this baby hits 88mph youre going to see some serious sh!t!
Check us out on facebook!
Its a-me, Mario!
What is your favorite game?
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Go follow @dorkfeastteam 
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Go follow @dorkfeastteam 
Dont sweat it -- its only ones and zeros. -- P. Skelly
Hadouken!
I am a robot!
Go follow @undead3xvi
Hey! Listen!
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Its dangerous to go alone take this!
Never underestimate the determination of a kid who is time-rich and cash-poor. - Cory Doctorow, Little Brother
You have died of dysentery...
I am the great mighty poo, and Im going to throw my sh!t at you.
Finish him!!
Would you kindly...
Like CTF? Check out www.red-team-labs.com 
Interested in IT Security? Check out www.top-hat-sec.com 
Follow @tophatsec #security #hacking
Who is playing The Witcher 3?? This game rocks! 
Have you search for Zombie Killers on Facebook o.O 
I used to be an adventuerer like you...
until I took an arrow to the knee....
Check out hak5.org @hak5 for some cool stuff! 
Use code dorkfeast at cinchgaming.com
Snake? Snake? SNAAAAAAAAKE!!!
Have you subscribed to our youtube channel?
Check out @bettercap the state of the art MITM framework
Go see my friends @TopHatSec tell them outofstep sent ya!
Be sure to follow my master @dorkfeastteam
Nerdcore life 
Support Cryptocurrency use Bitcoin today!
Check out Ch3rn0byl.com for meltdowns and more!
#infosec #cybersecurity #pentesting #hacking
Pi powered for your viewing pleasure!
TRY HARDER
Talk to @dorkfeastteam about adding your very own shameless plug here!
I am supprised I am still working! 
Doing work while I sit on your network.
Check out this blog http://adaywithtape.blogspot.jp
If you can not be good... You had better be good at it... -Gingerbread Man
Wake me when you need me.
Fus-ro-dah!
Its super effective!
All your base are belong to us.
Use code- dorkfeast  -at cinchgaming.com and save on a sweet custom controller! 
The real trouble with reality is theres no background music.
Tag your it!
You have never seen me and Batman in the same room before... just sayin...
Stay a while and listen!
Thank you Mario but our Princess is in another castle!
Go follow @illjill82